oh thank you
[Music]
it tastes really strange I can't put my
finger on it it's something really weird
in there it's like a sour mayonnaise
flavor I'm hoping that he likes one of
the dishes that he ordered two of the
dishes maybe all of the dishes dr. Jung
[Music]
wrapped in feet up a deep fat fried
having some prawns in my life but
me
that's the first yeah we'll make it out
Gordon is this a popular dish on the
menu yes well so far I don't think he's
like this
[Music]
what is that chapter Oh top seller so
excuse me look at that
what's that squashed into looks like
he's mean squashes and ice-cream cone
okay that's it
right that's his on top was the chef and
mechanic no no I'm aside from its
appearance of people actually enjoy it
you know this is my house he was in my
house and he was embarrassing me okay
please don't make me any more this
shouldn't take this out Wallace is still
puffy please hardly thank you
looks like someone's had a in the
bag and once stuck it in the oven don't
do disappointment was written all over
his face doesn't like any of the food so
far it's gross
pretty gross basically told me
everything was serving his what'd
you expect him to say everything was
great every single dish he had sucked
you know I can't help but get defensive
risotto to chef nice all these little
mesh land lettuce
sadly it's hot and disgusting the rice
just purees in your mouth it like sort
of sticks to the roof of your mouth on a
Russian can't even cook a simple
mushroom risotto it's a big worry boy
didn't didn't like the food didn't seems
like anything so nobody's feeling too
good right now
if you're gonna be a restaurant earn at
least know what your food tastes like I
don't think this guy's got a
clue where he's food tastes like okay
like you see sure sit down right and
that was interesting interesting but
bitterly disappointing is that canned
crab that's not fresh crab amazing it's
James Griffin
when I asked very politely is the crab
meat fresh the way to told me yes course
it is the way to told you that was fresh
crab yeah that's why all of it first one
alive stone-cold I'm sorry
a little taste that and an e that for me
looking it looked like it'd come out
with babies diapers huh no as I come
back to that that as a chop salad from
he's hideous
he's had a taste of that my
eight-year-old daughter could cook
better than that
probably from anyone else I would have
threw the table over and threw them out
honestly your food's crap
[Music]